Add notes for Cypress Component Test (#1467)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/_partials/_advanced-cypress.md

```
saucectl run --env CYPRESS_TAGS="(@smoke or @ui) and (not @slow)"
```

> ## Cypress Component Test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Component Testing
```
I think qualifying it as "Cypress" Component Testing is maybe redundant since this doc is exclusively about cypress already.

> Cypress Component Test is still in Beta. Due to an issue from Cypress, `saucectl` doesn't support Cypress Component Test currently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component Testing is in beta and due to an issue from Cypress, `saucectl` doesn't currently support Component Testing.
```

Author: That's an interesting topic. The two issues that I found was solved, but it is still stuck in finding spec files. I've searched in cypress issues but currently no luck. I'm considering filing one.
